docs: add CSRF protection documentation (#4022)
inveniosoftware/invenio: docs/deployment/securing-your-instance.rst

    # config.py
    WSGI_PROXIES = 2

CSRF protection
---------------

> Invenio has different ways of protecting you from Cross Site Forgery (CSRF)

Reviewer: What do you think of:
```suggestion
Invenio has different ways of protecting your application from Cross Site Forgery (CSRF)
```
or
```suggestion
Invenio has different ways of protecting your installation from Cross Site Forgery (CSRF)
```
